BASLER SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

-AD001131 version 02-

IMPORTANT - PLEASE READ CAREFULLY

THIS SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT ("AGREEMENT") IS A LEGAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU
AND BASLER AG ("BASLER") FOR THE BASLER SOFTWARE PRODUCTS ACCOMPANYING THIS
AGREEMENT, WHICH INCLUDES COMPUTER SOFTWARE AND MAY INCLUDE "ONLINE" OR
ELECTRONIC DOCUMENTATION, ASSOCIATED MEDIA, AND PRINTED MATERIALS ("SOFTWARE").
BEFORE YOU CLICK ON THE "ACCEPT" BUTTON BELOW AND COMPLETE THE INSTALLATION
PROCESS, OR BEFORE YOU DOWNLOAD, INSTALL OR USE THE SOFTWARE, CAREFULLY READ
THIS AGREEMENT. BY CLICKING THE "ACCEPT" BUTTON, OR BY DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING
OR USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU CONSENT TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND YOU AGREE
TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
OF THIS AGREEMENT, CLICK THE "CANCEL" BUTTON AND/ OR DO NOT DOWNLOAD, INSTALL
OR USE THE SOFTWARE.

1. SOFTWARE OF THIRD-PARTY MANUFACTURERS. Notwithstanding the terms and
conditions of this AGREEMENT, all or any portion of the SOFTWARE which
constitutes non-proprietary BASLER software or software provided under
Open-source license by third parties ("third-party software"), is licensed to
you subject to the terms and conditions of the software license agreement
accompanying such third-party software. Use of the third-party software by you
shall be governed entirely by the terms and conditions of such license. You can
find the license terms and conditions next to this file in system specific
locations or contact BASLER support. BASLER software includes some open source
software source code that may be used and modified by anyone and everyone,
provided they, in turn, make it available to everyone else with the same
licensing agreement. Please contact BASLER support for the original source code
of components licensed under Open-source licenses.

2. GRANT OF LICENSE TERMINATION IN CASE OF VIOLATION. BASLER grants you a
personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable right to use the SOFTWARE provided
that you comply with all terms and conditions of this AGREEMENT. Should the
user violate the provisions of this Agreement, BASLER shall have the right to
terminate the Agreement immediately. In this case the user must delete the
software including all copies or return it to BASLER.

3. PERMITTED USE OF THE SOFTWARE. You may install and use the SOFTWARE as whole
or in parts (single files, e.g. DLLs etc.) on an unlimited number of computers.
You may solely use the SOFTWARE for the purpose to operate a BASLER camera
product.

4. TRANSFER. You may not rent, lease, sub-license, or lend the SOFTWARE or any
portions thereof to others, except as expressly granted in this section 4. You
may transfer the SOFTWARE in whole or in parts (single files, e.g. DLLs etc.)
to another individual/entity provided that the transferee accepts the terms of
this AGREEMENT.

5. RESTRICTIONS. You may not copy or use the SOFTWARE except as set forth in
this AGREEMENT. You may not remove any proprietary notices or labels on the
SOFTWARE; any copies that you are permitted to make pursuant to this Agreement
must contain the same copyright and other proprietary notices that appear on
and in the SOFTWARE. Notwithstanding the aforementioned, you may make copies as
required by law.

6. LIMITATION ON REVERSE ENGINEERING. You agree not to modify, adapt, reverse
engineer, decompile, or disassemble the SOFTWARE or otherwise attempt to
discover the source code of the SOFTWARE or algorithms contained therein or
create any derivative works from the SOFTWARE, except as expressly provided in
this AGREEMENT.

7. PROPRIETARY RIGHTS. All intellectual property rights in the SOFTWARE are
owned by BASLER or its suppliers and are protected by copyright laws and
international copyright treaties. You shall not remove any product
identification, copyright notices or proprietary restrictions from the SOFTWARE.

8. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW,
BASLER AND ITS SUPPLIERS PROVIDE THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT "AS IS" AND WITH ALL
FAULTS, AND HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL OTHER WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EITHER
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF
TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES, DUTIES OR CONDITIONS OF
MERCHANTABILITY, OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND OF LACK OF VIRUSES
ALL WITH REGARD TO THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT. Some states/jurisdictions do not allow
exclusion of implied warranties or limitations on the duration of implied
warranties, so the above disclaimer may not apply to you in its entirety.

9. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.

9.1 BASLER SHALL SOLELY BE LIABLE, WITHOUT LIMTIATION, FOR ANY DAMAGES
RESULTING FROM (i) INJURY, BODILY HARM OR LOSS OF LIFE DUE TO A NEGLIGENT OR
INTENTIONAL BREACH OF DUTY BY BASLER OR BASLER’s REPRESENTATIVES, (ii) ANY
VIOLIATION OF AN OBLIGATION WHICH IS ESSENTIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF THIS
AGREEMENT (Kardinalplflicht) AND/OR (iii) A GROSSLY NEGLIGENT OR INTENTIONAL
BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT BY BASLER OR BASLER’s REPRESENTATIVES.

9.2 BASLERS LIABILITY UNDER THE PRODUCT LIABILITY ACT (ProdHaftG) REMAINS
UNAFFECTED.

9.3 IN ALL OTHER CASES THAN THE AFOREMENTIONED, BASLER SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DAMAGES (WETHER OR NOT SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES) INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS OR
CONFIDENTIAL OR OTHER INFORMATION, FOR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, FOR PERSONAL
INJURY, FOR LOSS OF PRIVACY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THE USE OF
OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT, OR OTHERWISE IN CONNECTION WITH ANY
PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF BASLER OR ANY SUPPLIER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF
THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND EVEN IF THE REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL
PURPOSE, UNLESS SUCH DAMAGES OCCUR AS A RESULT OF AN INTENTIONAL BREACH OF THIS
AGREEMENT BY BASLER AND/OR ITS REPRESENTATIVES.

9.4 In cases of any breach of contract by BASLER, for which the liability of
BASLER is not excluded under Section 9.3 above, BASLER’s liability shall be
limited to the amount of damages foreseeable under and typical for the
agreement.

10. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION. This AGREEMENT shall be considered to have
been entered into and construed in accordance with the laws of Germany,
excluding its provisions on the conflict of laws and the CISG rules. For all
controversies between the parties or claims based on this AGREEMENT the
District Court Hamburg shall have jurisdiction. Failure by either party to
enforce any term of this AGREEMENT shall not be deemed to be a waiver of future
enforcement of that term or any other term.

10.2 You agree that this AGREEMENT shall be enforceable in a court of equity
and acknowledges that a breach by you of the terms of this AGREEMENT may not be
adequately remedied by an award of damages and that BASLER shall therefore be
entitled to injunctive or other equitable relief in the event of such breach.
You further agree that the election by BASLER to seek equitable relief shall
not preclude it from also seeking relief at law.

11. GENERAL.

11.1 This AGREEMENT is the complete and exclusive statement of the agreement
between the parties and supersedes all prior agreements and communications with
respect to the subject matter. This AGREEMENT shall be binding upon and inure
to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and
assigns.

11.2 This AGREEMENT can only be modified by a written document signed by both
parties.

11.3 If any provision of this AGREEMENT is held invalid, the offending clause
will be deleted and replaced by a clause which is valid and comes as close as
possible to the offended clause. In any case the invalidity of one or more
clauses shall not affect the validity of the remaining clauses, and the
remainder of this AGREEMENT will continue in full force and effect.
